docs(U-Boot): Refactor K3 and OMAP Build Guide (#339)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/linux/Foundational_Components/U-Boot/BG-Build-OMAP.rst

*****
Build
*****

.. _Build-U-Boot-label:

^^^^^^^^^^^^
Build U-Boot
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

   The following commands are intended to be run from the root of the
   U-Boot tree unless otherwise specified. The root of the U-Boot tree is
   the top-level directory and can be identified by looking for the
   "MAINTAINERS" file.

We strongly recommend the use of separate object directories when
building. This is done with O= parameter to make. We also recommend that
you use an output directory name that is identical to the configuration
target name. That way if you are working with multiple configuration
targets it is very easy to know which folder contains the u-boot
binaries that you are interested in.

.. rubric:: Setting the tool chain path

We strongly recommend using the toolchain that came with the Linux Core
release that corresponds to this U-Boot release. For e.g:

.. code-block:: console

   $ export PATH=$HOME/<TOOLCHAIN_PATH>/bin:$PATH

.. rubric:: Cleaning the Sources

If you did not use a separate object directory:

.. code-block:: console

   $ make CROSS_COMPILE=arm-none-linux-gnueabihf- distclean

.. ifconfig:: CONFIG_part_variant in ('AM335X')

>    If you used 'O=am335x\_evm' as your object directory:

Reviewer: This is also applicable to other parameters listed here

```suggestion
   If you used ``O=am335x_evm`` as your object directory:
```

| K2G ICE                    | ``k2g_evm_defconfig``       |                          |                                              |                          |                          |                          |                                         |                                          |
+----------------------------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------+
| OMAP-L138 LCDK             | ``omapl138_lcdk_defconfig`` |                          | ``omapl138_lcdk_defconfig``                  |                          |                          |                          |                                         |                                          |

> +----------------------------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: This would be much easier to review as a list-table

https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#list-table

Author: You're right, but this is just too big a revamp for this PR, but can consider for future PR. I'd need to update the same tables in `BG-Build-K3.rst`
